then Moses and the children of Israel
sang this song to the Lord I will sing
to the Lord for he has triumphed
gloriously the horse and it's rider he
has thrown into the sea the Lord is my
strength and song and he has become my
salvation he is my god and I will praise
Him
my father is God and I will exalt him
the Lord is a man of war the Lord is his
name
Pharaoh's chariots and his army he is
cast into the sea his chosen captains
also are drowned in the Red Sea
the depths have covered them they sank
to the bottom like a stone
your right hand Oh Lord has become
glorious in power your right hand Oh
Lord has dashed the enemy pieces and in
the greatness of your excellence you
have overthrown those who rose against
you you send forth your wrath it
consumed them like stubble with the
blasts of your nostrils the waters were
gathered together the flood stood
upright like a heap the depths congealed
in the heart of the sea
the enemy said I will pursue I will
overtake I will divide the spoil my
desire shall be satisfied on them I will
draw my sword my hands shall destroy
them
you blew with your wind the sea covered
them they sank like lead in the mighty
waters who is like you old Lord
gods
who is like you glorious in holiness
fearful in praises doing wonders you
stretched out your right hand the earth
swallowed them you and your mercy have
led forth the people whom you have
redeemed you have guided them in your
strength to your holy habitation the
people will hear and be afraid sorrow
will take hold of the inhabitants of
Listia then the Chiefs of Edom will be
dismayed the mighty men of Moab
trembling will take hold of them all the
inhabitants of Canaan will melt away
fear and dread will fall on them by the
greatness of your arm they will be as
still as a stone till your people pass
over Oh Lord till the people pass over
when you have purchased
you will bring them in and plant them in
the mountain of your inheritance in the
place Oh Lord which you have made for
your own dwelling the sanctuary Oh Lord
which your hands have established the
Lord shall reign
forever
ever
the forces of Pharaoh went with his
chariots and his horsemen into the sea
and the Lord brought back the waters of
the sea upon them but the children of
Israel went on dry land in the midst of
the sea then Miriam the prophetess the
sister of Aaron took the timbrel in her
hand and all the women went out after
her with timbrels and with dances sing
to the Lord for he has tried morosely
the horse and it's rider he has thrown
into the sea so Moses brought Israel
from the Red Sea then they went out into
the wilderness of Shur and they went
three days in the wilderness and found
no water now when they came to Mara they
could not drink the waters of Marah for
they were bitter therefore the name of
it was called Marah and the people
complained against Moses what shall we
drink
so he cried out to the Lord and the Lord
showed him a tree when he cast it into
the waters the waters were made
where he made a statute and an ordinance
for them and there he tested them if you
diligently heed the voice of the Lord
your God and do what is right in his
sight give ear to His commandments and
keep all his statutes I will put none of
the diseases on you which I have brought
on the Egyptians for I am the Lord who
heals you then they came to Elam where
there were twelve wells of water and
seventy palm trees so they camped there
by the waters